.TH GMPC 1 "February 21, 2010" "" "Gnome Music Player Client"

.SH NAME
GMPC - Gnome Music Player Client

.SH SYNOPSIS
GMPC [OPTION]

.SH DESCRIPTION
GMPC is a fully featured but still very lightweight gtk client 
for the music player daemon (MPD).
.P
It provides several different ways to browse your music. Based on the file system,
tags, search and metadata.

.P
GMPC can show the following types of metadata:

* Album covers
.br
* Artist images
.br
* Lyrics
.br
* Guitar tabs
.br
* Album information
.br
* Artist biography
.br
* Similar artist
.br
* Similar songs

GMPC uses plugins to fetch metadata and can be extended using plugins.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI --fullscreen
Start fullscreen.
.TP
.BI --start-hidden
Start hidden.
.TP
.BI --quit
Quit the running GMPC instance
.TP
.BI --profile=<profile>
Start with a specific profile.
.TP
.BI --help
Show this help message.
.TP
.BI --debug-level=<level>
Make GMPC output debug information

0 \- No output

1 \- Error Messages

2 \- Error and Warning Messages

3 \- All Messages
.TP
.BI --log-filter=<LogDomain>
Print out debug information from a certain log domain.
Example domains:
.BI Config,
.BI MetaImage,
.BI MpdData.Model,
.BI MpdData.Model.Playlist,
.BI MpdData.TreeView,
.BI Profiles,
.BI Gmpc,
.BI Playlist,
.BI Plugin,
.BI Preferences,
.BI TrayIcon
.TP
.BI --version
Display version and if possible git revision.
.TP
.BI --config=<file>
Use config file <file>
.TP
.BI --clean-cover-db
Cleans up the cover db.
.TP
.BI --disable-plugins
Don't load any plugins.
.TP
.BI --bug-information
Show a dialog with useful information for a bug report.
.TP
.BI --icon-theme
Change the icon theme used by GMPC. (Used for testing)
.br

.SH SEE ALSO
Website: http://gmpclient.org/

MPD Website: http://www.musicpd.org

Bug tracker: http://www.musicpd.org/mantis/

.BR gmpc-remote-stream(1)
.BR gmpc-remote(1)
.BR mpd(1)

.SH AUTHOR
GMPC was written by Qball Cow <qball@gmpclient.org>

Special thanks to all the people that provided feedback and patches
